fans of kazakhstan to jazz man
Satarov and shocked by the news of her
illness a few weeks ago the singer
diagnosed cancer satoru urgently
operated on seoul surgeons now
South Korea is undergoing
rehabilitation
meanwhile friends and colleagues are gathering
funds for further treatment jazz
Diva is worth it is not cheap and money
need as soon as possible with details
his arzhan sites all her life is jazz
in this complex musical genre for
genres of satar you nothing is impossible
and subject to any rhythms fans
speak on stage she is always sincere and and
boldly and therefore concerts lady jazz and
takes place with a full house genre
cellular could be outstanding
pianist but jazz was stronger she
was one of the first to start
promote kazakhstan black music
the singer is not accustomed to surrender here and
now she courageously struggles with
a disease recently which
diagnosed
cancer I could not
say behind it it's me just honest
speaking and deceiving said that to you
sorry chick absolutely everything else
and then of course when we arrived
made a complete diagnosis diagnosis
It was confirmed right now she is Satarov
South Korea after complex operations
undergoing rehabilitation at home
singer friends colleagues and just
indifferent people of Kazakhstan collect
money for her treatment means money
need a lot of family famous ja
zumman required amount
No money is needed to cause a lot of
to raise her to save
that's actually why appreciating
the picture is even so visually we already
understand that without help we can not and
so we asked agree Jeanne
Of course it would not be so because
many of her friends of antiquity colleagues know
that she never has anything
requested a charity concert
will be held on November 11 in the Kazakh
state philharmonic named after jean
was on stage famous
Kazakhstani musicians are all gained
the money will go to the treatment of the genre Sattarov
college fans are looking forward to
when can they hear again
the extraordinary voice of the queen of jazz and
she will surely sing bardan obs
there Vitaly Kovalev
Erlan orynbasarov KTK Almaty